he lets go what's the deal Danny what's
your name hey what's up I'm dizzle baby
first of all you gotta learn how to
approach a lady or something no Monsieur
good bro no no even know about to shake
your hands now we got a pimple attract
why you Maddie oh no my uncle's nigga
you think of it let me get the music
sucks first of all oh fuck is what you
niggas this is all about pimping I'm a
nobody mad all here now I've got a phone
500 bitch wait fo file honey um they're
thrown behind me going like egg why you
mad why you mad multi oh yeah your broke
ass check it out nigga you I do
tic-tac-toe and slap all you live at the
same time I better watch your mouth when
you talking to him nigga please alright
alright mad nigga let's show you mad I
walk my way right you got five seconds
five four three two one three two two
are you fucker walk into the cotton tip
niggas got me fucked up fatty bit hold
on been getting in my car nigga you
better walk
this is simple rail biggest stars out if
you're funny Oh yet why you so fucked it
up Shira bigger hey Lisa Epke with a
baby wait why you mad why you man we're
going money up why you mad why you mad
why you mad you ain't nothing and we
know that why you mad why you mad she do
the shit with no hands mom mad huh doing
bad always run your mouth but never
happy cash huh I mess around with him
goofy just read a verse like a juvie
somebody high last bill burger my life
is a movie mr. Rocco that coochie got
his niggas a village straight illin hose
going crazy when I step in the building
he just fucking me kick him to the curb
that's my work never cut me free
tripping this is herb bang on anybody
acting like they got a problem with me
watching manage niggas even following me
laying here what you talking in ain't
bothering me run stressing out of work
you're hoping swallowing me should be
all on the G cuz you know you ain't
built for loops lips boy fake niggas get
killed for hair growing out to your
teeth hurt either next motherfucking on
a t-shirt right I thought you mad why
you man with money up
okay fine you mad why you mad she make
that why you mad why you mad dancing and
we know that why you modest wiley man
she do the shit with their hands real
nigga I am dad why you mad you don't
pull no bitches with your lyin ass I
shook back with the bullshit in nigga be
real hard to spot I hate her nigga be
still can you please take your girl back
out fuck then I love Justin time for
your season a cuff in the restive you
acting like a bitch control your emotion
oh I know you thought you did it big
when nobody knows this hopper to guard
just good laws just hit a queen of the
castle when 24 is worth killing who's a
mother fucking killing this bitch will
turn the club scene in the thrill in
this bitch you'll be getting paper I'm
an innovator fucking instigator all on
Instagram that's like your picturs use
the instigator her girl mad cuz you
ain't me yeah all y'all niggas look
angry Oh mad at are you mad why you man
we don't money why you mad why you man
why you mad why you met you
ain't nothin again we know whatever you
like why you mad why you mad kinda shit
with no hell yes you do you make me
laugh with your bad ass stay yo leg
while I gas on your leg cooling in the
booting you be in your feelings and it's
prolly kiddo girl in here choosing on a
nigga yo look if you came with her
better get her for a knocker better
watch her like you got a babysitter see
my bitches super bad how they look in
the face and I didn't make a super mad
like they put on a cape but hey there's
some broke Lincoln's and you know we
paid off it down i'm at otis money why
he throwing shade hurt around a talking
that shit on some faulty eyes dik
telling you a hater boy we all see that
shit like oh oh you mad bro i'm looking
at you like damn yo bad bro pass up
don't make me have to put you in your
place your place i tella broke nigga fix
yo face like why you met are you mad why
you man money why you mad why you man
why you mad why you mad you're hating
ass nigga and we know that why you mad
why you mad at you do the shit with no
hands when she pole dance